1. add rule number to outputs                                                                   DONE!!
2. in bmiq dump output to txt file?								DONE!
3. cell type estimation: which step it should be? which reference set? 				DONE!
3.5. add snakemake rule for cell type proportion estimation 	 				DONE
4. in *density_plots.pdf plot uprocessed and Noob on the same plot    				DONE!!
5. should manual_qc2_exceptions in config be commented out? 					DONE: doesn't have to be
6. define a set/csv file storing the pValueSub matrix being TRUE/FALSE matrix			DONE!! 
9. cross-reactive probe removement? CpH removement? SNP associatyed sites removement? These can be options in the config.yaml, and should be done early if chosen, subsetbyLoci()   							DONE!!
10. store SNP-betas as seperate matrix, especially interesting for checking replicates/duplicates/identifying if samples are from same person      											DONE!!
11. filter out samples that are "illumina control", and "failed sample". met001, met002		DONE!!
12. make qc plot, median meth intensity, median unmeth intensity                                DONE!!
13. make colors in PCA plot control probes							DONE!!
14. Should the parameters in config.yaml be text, i.e "EPIC" and "Blood" instead of EPIC and Blood?	DONE!!
15. put all plots in folder plots instead of qc_results. keep qc_results for .csv files and such        DONE!!
16. fix naming convention for scripts and rules. increase consistency					DONE!
17. move cell estimation script										DONE!
18. find a solution for log file not having the Rout included						DONE!
19. include sex prediction right before sex chromosome seperation					DONE!

20. add a couple points for saving: samplesheet of failed samples - and why, sheet of failed probes - and why 		DONE!
21. go through every script and minimize number of data objects stored 				DONE, FOR NOW; TEST RULE 10
22. make filtering of bad quality probes earlier, together with cross hybridizing maybe? 		DONE!
23. create possibility of giving in sample sheet, such that batches within each met00 set can be run	DONE!
24. combine rule 12 and 2, and 4 and 5. do the filtering together 					DONE
25. make the plot in rule 7 after BMIQ, to have 3 color plot for each sample. will be informative. need to
	check for possibility with ggplotGrob function for adding another plot. remove calculation of statistics
26. understand why we remove samples based on minAucRatio, peakdiff, numb_of_peak 			DONE!!
27. create step for filtering out replicates? keeping one of them -> can be done later/after the pipeline
28. remove/redo rule 10 to be removement of samples we want to remove after visual inspection
29. create histogram plot of differences?
30. filtering of samples in rule 2 must be added to the .csv of removed samples - met001, met002
